32 Y. Gao and J. Zheng

2.2 The Concept of Cloud Storage Service

The Cloud storage is a extension of cloud—computing concept in the infrastructure
layer, however, it‘s currently mainly used as an attachment of cloud—computing
platform, not as an independent standardized cloud service. In addition, cloud
providers have built their own data centers; data just exists in respective centers.

Cloud computing means that the IT infrastructure runs as a service, and the service
can be anything from the rental of the original hardware to using third—party APIs.
Similarly, storage facilities should also be used as a basic resource of the cloud
environment. The future of cloud storage should be cloud-storage services.

As the development of next—generation cloud storage, Storage As a Service is a
change to existing way, it is a special form of architecture services. This cloud storage
service is also transparent to users. It doesn't refer to a specific device or a cloud
provider's cloud storage centers, it means the aggregates consisting of storage devices
distributed in different physical geographical or various providers‘ storage—centers and
users can use the services provided by a number of different cloud-storage centers.

The core of cloud storage service is the combination of cloud service agreements
with cloud storage system and uses opening service interface standards to achieve the
transformation of cloud storage to cloud—storage service. It’s the core idea of the
architecture proposed as the follow in this article.

2.3 The Solution of Isolated Distributed Architecture for Cloud-Storage
Services Based on Structured Strategy
The isolated distributed cloud—storage services based on structured strategy have 3
aspects: structured, decentralized and isolated distributed storage. In essence, it breaks
data into a couple of individually meaningless subsets of data basing on the scheme of
data, and then use the isolated distributed cloud—storage services belonging to
different cloud providers to store the subsets. For the cloud, it provides a secure
available storage solution and can be trusted (Shown in Fig. 1).
Access Layer Q® & ﬂ @
Application Interface
Layer
instances of Data-broken protocol instances of Data-reconstructed
Storage sen/ice
Agreement Management
_
storage servwe Web Service APIs File-based APIs Block-based APIs Other APIs
WNW
~ Amazon-133 ~ NirvanixSDN 0 CleverSafe o Zena
. WindowsAzure o Zena . Clouan've . Egnm
~ Mezeoplatfortn ~ IBM 0 CleverSafe
,. ,,,,,,,,,,,,,BﬂsisManésssmentLax%£,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
Céiii’éii‘i’“ ir’énclfyaéfju; ‘ ir“‘cOnwn-l;¢;uibuuui{
File glyisdmn, glazing; Igamdfjfiicssx s 2>eJC ter
Cloud storage system . l ‘~~.C0mpuﬁng.~ 21199951?!” We ,.
layer Stora e Layer
Storage device (NAS, FC, Iscsi, m)
outage.“ d gm... . c. .
n ,
Fig. 1. Isolated distributed Services Architecture based on structured strategy