Isolated Distributed Architecture for Cloud-Storage Services 33

The architecture is a trust-mechanism. Data is stored in isolated distributed cloud-storage centers from different cloud-providers, in this way, users can recapture the control of data originally belonging to cloud providers, and then have a higher level of centralized control of the distributed control. Combined with tolerable intrusion approaching to data protection(data—broken based on data scheme),such separate meaningless data storage lets users no longer have to worry about the security of cloud storage. In addition, the method of isolated distributed storage disperses the overall risk, with the superposition of each cloud storage service provider's own security the system has a higher security, and the simple structured distribution makes it very efficient. In the architecture, cloud computing applications in accordance with the cloud-storage service agreement (data broken protocols, data reconstruction protocols and isolated distributed agreement) can create service instances in their own cloud computing environment to call the interfaces of cloud storage services for data storage, and also can directly use the third-party services which implement the structured isolated distributed interfaces above.

2.4 The Design of Structured Isolated Distributed Storage

The structured, isolated distributed storage-service layer involves three main service instances: data-broken, data-reconstruction and isolated distributed storage services.

The output of data-broken service instances is data segments based on the logical structure of data. Data submitted by cloud applications is divided into two categories: strong structured data and non-logical data. For the structured data, it's firstly segmented based on the structure of the data, secondly, each data segment continues to be broken and then forms several subsets which have the same scheme; For the second data, it will firstly be segmented based on a default rule-format.

After data subsets are formed, isolated distributed storage services will receive a notification. By its access to the user authentication and available cloud storage services provided by different cloud organizations, it forms the mapping of multi-subsets to cloud storage multi-services, then the mapping and all the subsets are stored in different isolated distributed cloud-storage centers. Finally, the stored path of mapping is stored in the cloud service registry and feedback results will be sent to users (Data write and modify operations both can get a result of feedback). (Fig. 2)

For the instance of data-reconstruction service, when the request of data-reading arrives, it gets the stored path of mapping from the cloud service registry, then requests required data pieces from the isolated distributed subsets according to the structured mapping and restore the data based on the structure. If the request is data-updating or data-deleting, the instance will proceed with corresponding operation according to the original mapping, and then update the mapping after deleting (it also mostly exists in the process of data-updating when the affected pieces count more) or
updating the affected data pieces.

The isolated distributed storage-services run based on the open cloud-storage service interfaces in the lower layer. With the logical models for the Family Key-Value, Column, Document, the Graph and other data, this interface layer includes: REST, Thrift, and the Map Reduce, GET / PUT, language-specific API, the SQL sub-set.